Shine Shine ey ey ey
Shine Shine Come on
Let's go
Crying face is Lonely
Rather than being down
Send far  all the stuff away
Chuck it melancholic
When the heart overcast,
remember this  (alright)
The Feelin' that day, together
Oh yeah Oh yeah yeah
The weather fairy that shines on you
Not Teru Teru Bozu, because I’m here
Don't worry, believe ooh la la
Come on and dance through the night
Smile with me as your heart-pound
In this mood I’m dreaming,
just like a blue sky
Look around and smiles overflow all around you
Feel it together, you know
Let's go
Shine, Shine ey ey ey
Say la la la la la, so let's go
Give it up, dancing through the night
Just share the excitement
Sorrow? Let it go
Even stormy days and so what?
Blow away all those rain clouds
Don’t hesitate, that's fine
Call me anytime, that's right
I’ll back you up
Stronger Stronger
Endless trouble,
back off many times
Being Shine for an instant
your raining heart
Don't worry, believe Ooh la la
Come on and dance through the night
Smile with me as your heart-pound
In this mood I’m dreaming,
just like a blue sky
Look around and smiles overflow all around you
Feel it together, you know
Let's go
Shine, Shine ey ey ey
Say la la la la la
So let's go
Shine, Shine ey ey ey
Give it up
Dancing through the night
Shine Shine
Oh oh Oh oh
Baby come on  Baby come on
Shine Shine
Yeah, it's our time to shine
If you wish, you’ll get
Sunny day yeah, forever
Shine Shine
Today and